All humans should be vegan.
God exists.
Eco is going to disrupt the banking industry.
Pregnant people should have the right to choose abortion.
All drugs should be legalised.
Donald Trump was a good President.
Vaccine passports should be mandatory.
Wealthy countries should provide citizens with a universal basic income (UBI).
Derek Chauvin's convictions should be overturned on appeal.
Sex reassignment surgery is the best transition method for transgender individuals.
Religion is incompatible with science.
Morality is objective.
There should be no limits on freedom of speech.
The right thing to do is to pull the lever, diverting the trolley onto the side track where it will kill one person.
School uniforms should be banned.
Science is a belief system akin to religion.
The world would be better without humans.
If scientifically possible, humans should become immortal.
Video games have a positive impact on society.
Gender restrictions on nipple showing in the US should be eliminated.
According to the Bible, salvation is by faith alone (sola fide).
Cultural appropriation is wrong.
A license should be required in order to have a child (procreate).
The rich are more responsible for environmental damages than the poor.
Travel bans should not be instituted to tackle pandemics.
Stealing is never acceptable.
Andrew Cuomo should resign.
Military conscription should apply to men and women equally.
Everyone Should Health Track - Self Quantify.
Saying #AllLivesMatter instead of #BlackLivesMatter is better.
The Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine rollout should have been universally suspended.
Abortion should be considered murder.
The Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) should be expanded.
Companies must return to manufacturing electronic goods in Japan rather than continue to do so in China.
The US should adopt stricter gun control legislation, in the form of the policy defined in the background discussion info.
Gender (the concept of masculinity and femininity) is a social construct.
Critical Race Theory is a benefit to society.
Humans should stop eating animal meat.
High-income countries should take in significant numbers of refugees.
Children should be raised in atheism.
Parents should genetically enhance their babies once the procedures have been approved by the corresponding regulatory bodies.
Nuclear energy should be used to replace fossil fuels.
Parents Who Don't Vaccinate Their Children Should Be Fined If The Child Gets A Vaccine-Preventable Illness.
The Sinclair Method provides a cure for alcoholism.
All religions should be banned on a global scale.
Fundamental rights should be extended to general AI (AGI).
It is not ethically wrong to watch pornography.
Children should learn about gender identity and sexual orientation in school.
Religion has been a good thing for humankind.
Juveniles who commit violent crimes should be treated as adults in the criminal justice system.
Polygamy should be legal.
Humans should act to fight climate change.
Hate speech should be legally protected.
Traditional bullfighting - the practice of fighting with bulls that includes physically injuring them - should be banned.
The police should be defunded.
Churches in the United States should lose their automatic tax-exempt status.
The USA is a good country to live in.
God's existence can be understood by rationality.
Islam is compatible with feminism.
The US should pay reparations for slavery.
Human life should be valued above animal life in the case that only one can be preserved.
The primary focus of prisons should be rehabilitation and reintegration, not punishment.
Jury trials should be abolished.
Private education is wrong and should be ended.
Elective cosmetic surgery should be banned.
Animal testing should be banned.
Alien life has existed or does exist.
The US Should Recognize Palestine as a State.
Ghosts should have rights.
Human cannibalism is ethically permissible.
The US should remove Confederate memorials, flags, and monuments from public spaces.
Jesus was physically resurrected from the dead.
Planned Parenthood should be defunded.
Death penalty should be abolished.
All transgender athletes should have to compete in men's divisions.
People in positions of authority should resign when accused of sexual assault.
A Universal Basic Income is a good idea for the future.
Climate change can be reversed.
No public restrooms of any sort should be separated by either sex or gender.
Political correctness is detrimental to society.
The government should not fund liberal arts degrees.
Concern about American democracy is appropriate under President Trump.
Muslim countries should continue to boycott French products.
School should be mandatory.
Australia should become a republic.
Science doesn't justify Atheism (understood as a "lack of belief in god/s").
UK civil servants and political advisors should be barred from holding second jobs.
Single sex schools should be banned.
The practice of BDSM is abusive.
Plastic waste is not waste.
Feminism strives for equality.
A Socialist economy would work better than a Capitalist economy.
Abolishing all aspects of privacy (through an omniscient public database of all observable actions) would be beneficial to those in liberal democracies.
Umbridge was raped by the centaurs.
Religious faith and science are not mutually exclusive.
Private cars should be forbidden in large cities.
US companies should be prohibited from paying any employee more than 35 times the compensation of their lowest-paid employee.
Trump was a good president.
The date of Australia Day should be changed.
All people in the US should have the right to basic healthcare.
Racially insensitive words in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn should be changed when it's being taught in school.
School is bad for your mental health.
There is no free will.
Internet infrastructure should be publicly owned.
Everyone's wealth and income information should be publicly available.
Health care should be considered a human right.
Global overpopulation is a myth.
Morality precedes religion. Therefore, religion is not necessary for determining right from wrong.
The United Kingdom should remain a member of the European Union.
Homeschooling should be banned.
Communism Is Viable in the USA.
Men and women can be "just friends" without any romantic or sexual interest on either side.
A society with no gender would be better.
The Electoral College should be abolished.
European monarchies should be abolished.
Circumcision when non-consensual and also done for non-medicinal reasons should be prohibited.
Life skills should be taught in school.
Rising China is good for the world.
Capital punishment should be abolished in the United States.
Social justice movements should abandon the use of no-platforming at universities.
Anonymous' hacktivism is a force for good.
Because of the existence of evil, there cannot be a monotheistic God (as traditionally conceived).
The Bible does not support the conclusion that 'homosexuality' is a sin against God.
Dating is much easier for women.
Nuclear power (fission) is desirable for sustainable energy production.
Marvel Universe is Better than DC Universe.
Narendra Modi has been good for India.
Donald Trump was one of the most intelligent presidents in US history.
Undocumented immigration into the United States is not a problem.
Men should not be forced to pay child support if abortion is a woman's right.
Trickle-down economics does more harm than good.
School choice would do more to reduce racism than any other US government initiative.
Sexual orientation is a choice.
Liquid Democracy would be a better mechanism of governance than current representative democracy.
Social Media Has Been Good For Humanity.
The internet should not be regulated.
Health care should be voluntary and market provided, not mandatory, nor provided or regulated by government.
The UN should declare America a failed state, so that persecuted people can flee the country and claim asylum abroad.
Buying and selling sex should be legal for sex workers and their clients.
Opposite sex parenting is preferable to same-sex parenting.
Humanity should colonize Mars.
Humans are evil.
The European Union should become a United States of Europe.
Sensitive social and political topics should be discussed in school.
Everyone should have a right to repair and modify their own consumer electronic devices.
One should believe that God exists, even if they are not sure it's true.
Idealism (the idea that there is a perfection/ideal that a person should strive for) is more important than Materialism (the idea that people should focus on material gains).
Society should normalise men wearing dresses/skirts.
Teachers should not be allowed to wear religious symbols at school.
Women are superior to men.
The Rebel Alliance would defeat the United Federation of Planets in space combat.
The Nintendo Switch has the best game exclusives out of all the consoles.
Tarot has a place in modern society.
Social media platforms should not be regulated by the government.
Organ trade should be legalized.
Mother Teresa should not have been canonized.
We should not worship a God that sends people to hell.
There are only 3 genders: Male, Female and Intersex.
Adult-aged children should allow toxic parents to remain into their lives.
U.S. presidents should not have the power to issue pardons.
Vaccinations should be mandatory.
We need religion for morality.
Voters in the UK should have a final vote on the Brexit deal.
The desire for a sense of superiority is a fundamental human drive.
The Apocryphal/Deuterocanonical books should be considered part of the Bible.
Intellectual property rights (IPRs) should not apply to biological material.
Feminism empowers both women and men.
Mosques should treat men and women equally.
Horse racing should be banned.
Pineapple belongs on pizza.
Judges should be appointed rather than elected.
Infant circumcision should be banned.
A divine being created the universe.
There was voter fraud/impropriety in the US 2020 presidential elections on behalf of the Democratic Party.
The rules of the US criminal justice system are fair.
The quality of artwork should not be judged based on the conduct of the artist.
Fake news should be illegal.
It is wrong to support businesses based on the owner's race.
We exist within a simulated reality.
Cloning animals is ethical.
Sex Robots Will Advance Sexual Liberation.
Public nudity should be legal.
The government should provide funding for arts programs.
All or most White Americans living in the U.S. today experience privileges exclusive only to whites.
Stricter gun control laws will reduce crime.
The Quran is Miraculous.
Humans are fundamentally different from other animals.
The Bible contains contradictions.
Hedonistic sexuality (sex for pleasure) harms sexual equality and the feminist movement.
Supreme Court Justices should be elected officials.
Anarchy is the only ethical system of society.
The West should build working autonomous killing machines (AKMs) as quickly as possible.
Religious education that promotes a certain faith or religion should be abolished in schools.
What we call "information" today, was called "God" in old times.
Citizen Science is beneficial to science.
"Women-only" spaces should be open to anyone identifying as female.
Dating apps should not allow users to filter on the basis of race.
Using someone's chosen or gender-neutral pronouns should be mandatory.
Greta Thunberg's impact on society is positive.
Capitalism is the best system for the people.
The minimum wage is good for the economy.
Individuals credibly accused of sexual assault or harassment should be fired from positions of authority.
Earth is not flat but spherical.
An artificial general intelligence (AGI) should be created.
"The Last Jedi" is one of the weakest Star Wars movies so far.
The Trump Campaign Colluded with Russia.
Governments should make an effort to reduce the gender pay gap.
The UK should remain in the EU if a hard Brexit is the only alternative option.
Single-use plastic items should be banned.
Governments should impose coercive methods of population control.
The norm of monogamy in society is regrettable.
Governments should provide a universal basic income.
Governments should not set policies that limit free speech.
Online learning is the future of education.
Having a Child is Selfish.
More women working in construction in the US would be better than now.
Trigger warnings should be required in an educational setting.
Cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin and others, are beneficial for the world.
Tiger parenting does more harm than good.
Taxation is theft.
Europeans, defined as citizens of what today constitutes the European Union (EU), had a better quality of life in the 1990s, than in the 1890s.
Jesus is the promised Messiah of the ancient Hebrew religion.
Veganism is a religion, not a philosophy (definitions are in the info section of the discussion).
Kashmir should be an independent state.
Routine childhood vaccination against preventable diseases should be mandatory worldwide.
There is a place for a uniform in today's education system.
Racial profiling by law enforcement should be banned.
"Cancel Culture" is Beneficial to Society.
Society should not treat obesity as an acceptable lifestyle choice.
Owning dogs should be banned in cities.
Israel should choose to be Jewish over being Democratic.
Public transport should be free.
Purgatory exists.
Modern technology is a disadvantage to society.
Fracking should be banned.
If God is real, then we should file a class action lawsuit against it.
Lawns should be replaced by edible landscapes.
The ends justify the means.
It is time to end affirmative action in college admissions.
Physical torture of prisoners is an acceptable interrogation tool.
LGBTQ+ Conversion Therapy Should Be Banned.
A Free Market Anarchist society would be preferable to most governments in the world today.
It is unethical to use ad-blockers.
Religious education should be compulsory in public schools.
Executions should be painful.
Seeing zoos on television can benefit conservation.
Conscientious objection to abortion should be banned.
There are only two sexes and only two genders in the human species.
Trophy hunting should be illegal.
There should be testosterone limits in women's sports.
The Bible Teaches That Creation Happened in Six Literal, 24-Hour Days Under 10,000 Years Ago.
When facing an unavoidable accident, self-driving cars should save the lives of their passengers regardless of the harm caused to others.
The internet will be better off without Net Neutrality regulations.
We should have a single global language.
Internet companies are wrong in denying services to white supremacists.
Rationalism is more accurate than Empiricism.
There should be a 100% inheritance tax on all inherited wealth above 1 million Euros.
Western neo-tantra is an authentic form of tantra.
Equality of Outcome is better than Equality of Opportunity.
Bitcoin should be adopted as legal tender worldwide.
Feminism is a force for good in the world.
There should be an upper age limit for voting.
Pornography is art.
Darwinian evolution is philosophy not science.
The religious texts (of the main monotheistic religions) should be interpreted literally.
Democracies should not use referendums for policy decisions.
American Civil War (1861-65) was mainly about slavery.
The Gospels are Not Historically Reliable.
Laptops should be allowed in the classroom.
All couples should sign a prenuptial agreement before marriage.
We should NOT allow the viewing of Moana in schools as it would be contrary to the separation of church and state.
Transhumanism is the next step in human evolution.
Enlightened Despotism is superior to Democracy.
The U.S. had to use nuclear weapons to achieve its goal of Japan unconditionally surrendering.
Languages like Python are a better alternative to MS Excel for data analysis.
Islam is a threat to Western civilization.
Online video games are currently more enjoyable than board games.
Enforcing a vegan diet on children must be condemned as child abuse.
Some teachers should be armed with guns.
Christianity is compatible with feminism.
Eating meat is wrong.
No one should feel obliged to change their lifestyle to combat global warming.
Pope Francis is a good pope.
People should be free to choose the country in which they live.
If fully immersive virtual reality is developed it should be subject to all of our existing laws.
There should be no welfare state.
Comprehensive Sexual Education should not be mandatory in Liberal Democracies.
Video games are the best source of entertainment.
Aborting a disabled child should be legal.
The UN is a force for good.
Euthanasia should be legalised.
The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution should be repealed.
Modern society can achieve direct democracy.
Selective breeding of animals for pets (e.g. Siamese cats, pugs, etc.) should be prohibited.
Steroid Use in Sports Should Be Allowed.
YouTube should facilitate revenue splitting by rights-holders.
Immigrants brought to the US illegally as children (DREAMers) should be granted US citizenship.
It is ethical to design and build weapons of war.
All humans are born equivalently valuable.
Youtube should modify their policies to comply with COPPA.
Science is political.
Copyright should be abolished.
Capitalism is good.
Masturbation is acceptable.
The tampon tax should be abolished.
EU countries should step in and take on refugees from Greece and other EU border countries.
Any person who forces people to conform to their beliefs should have their civil liberties stripped from them.
There is no meaning of life.
World of Warcraft Classic is better than WoW Retail.
Football without offside rule.
Western culture is superior to other cultures.
The United States should cease all warfare that is not necessary to defend the homeland.
You should always be honest.
Anarchism is viable for the world.
Implementation of the FairTax will improve the current US taxation system in a variety of ways, such as strengthening the Gross Domestic Product by improving Net Trade, Savings, Personal Consumption and Government Expenses. More details on Wikipedia.
Barack Obama was a good president.
Abortion of disabled fetuses should be allowed for the reason that the fetus is disabled (also known as abortion by convenience).
The benefits of absolute free speech outweigh the costs.
Bitcoin's energy consumption will cause its own failure.
The official currency of the European Union (the euro) should be abolished.
Those who fight for ISIS should be denied reentry by their home countries.
Illegal immigration negatively affects the host nation.
Religious indoctrination of children is not abuse.
Teleportation would be beneficial if it exists.
The Bible should be considered a historical document.
Globalization is a good thing.
Lab-Grown Meat is a suitable replacement for Factory Farming.
In the Bible, God is responsible for unjustified killing.
Technology will end our necessity of working for money.
Porn is beneficial.
Television is bad for people.
Transgender personae should only be performed by transgender people.
Scientific studies should be available free of charge.
Homework should be mandatory.
All Lives Matter is a racist affront to BLM.
The Bible permits slavery.
Commercial Surrogacy Should Be Legal In Liberal Democracies.
Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies are the next 'industrial revolution'.
NFL players should be forced to stand during the National Anthem.
Citizens should be able to crowdsource laws.
There is a need for lab animals to be used in research.
The fewer languages there are, the better the world is.
Children should be allowed to vote.
All major political decisions should be made via public referendum.
Ethereum should adopt Programmatic Proof-of-Work (ProgPow).
Shakespeare was a feminist.
Ghosts aren't real.
Individuals sentenced to life in prison should be allowed to choose death instead.
Capitalism is the most moral system.
Creationism should be taught in schools.
Cannabis should be federally legalized in the United States.
Google should censor their search results in order to operate in China.
Protesting in front of abortion clinics should be prohibited.
Mobile phones should be used in the classroom.
The government should be involved in the lives of its citizens as little as possible.
The American Psychiatry Association should repeal the Goldwater Rule and allow psychiatrists to publicly diagnose Trump.
Fashion can never be feminist.
Humans shouldn't colonize Mars.
There should be mandatory schools for parents.
A ban on the Burqa and Niqab should be introduced in the United Kingdom.
Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) is a threat to humanity.
Minors should be allowed to go through irreversible gender reassignment procedures, once they meet the criteria defined in the discussion information (click top left menu => info).
Video learning courses are a good learning format.
K12 teachers should replace textbooks with projects and teacher-selected online resources.
The world needs an international environmental government that has political power to mitigate environmental damage.
Citizens in democratic states should be required to vote or be fined.
Organic farming is better than conventional farming.
God Should Not Have Tested Job.
Gender stereotyping children needs to stop.
We should adapt to climate change rather than avert it.
Parental consent should be required for pregnant minors to have abortions.
The United States Needs a Strong Political Party For Moderates.
The US Should Not Have Pulled Out of the Iran Deal.
Genetically Modified Organisms should be promoted as part of a sustainable agricultural economy.
Whitewashing Should Be Banned in Hollywood Productions.
Congress should have limited terms.
The scientific worldview has demonstrated the impossibility of free will.
Hunting whales in a population-sustaining fashion (while minimising suffering) should be allowed.
Congress and the Senate should impose term limits on Representatives.
The US should not try to force North Korea to abandon its nuclear program.
Renewable energy sources and sufficient energy storage should replace fossil fuels for grid power.
Antifa is good.
We should not forgive the Nazis for their crimes against humanity during WWII.
People should donate to organisations that support gorillas instead of to those that support starving children.
Spanking a child is abusive.
The requirement for every UK household to have a television licence to view content from non-BBC providers should be abolished.
Vegan/vegetarian parents should feed their children the same diet.
Unpaid internships should be banned.
Drinking water should be fluoridated.
We should not consume the works of artists who have been accused or convicted of serious crimes.
The EU should legalize marijuana for medical and recreational use.
Journalists have a moral obligation to display violent images.
We should consume art even if the creator of that art has done something wrong or offensive to someone else.
In an exclusive relationship you should confess to your partner after a one night stand.
Video game storytelling should portray gender equality.
We should adopt a universal language.
Schools should eliminate grades and replace them with competency based education (CBE).
If it is ethically acceptable to use animals for work, so is having (non-harmful) sex with them.
It's OK to approach strangers in public in an attempt to have consensual sex with them.
AI Will Not Supplant Humans in Creating Art.
Long-term solitary confinement should be stopped.
We should build an international space elevator.
Love is Positive and Necessary For Humans.
The sale of genetically modified food should be banned.
The works of William Shakespeare were not written by the man from Stratford-upon-Avon to whom they have been traditionally attributed.
Vertical Farming Should Replace Current Agricultural Methods.
The US Should Implement a Wealth Tax for the Super Rich.
Objectivity is impossible.
Brexit was a good choice for the UK.
All children should be taught to code in school.
Society should work towards becoming "colorblind" in regards to race/ethnicity.
Artificial Intelligence (AI): Limiting an AI's freedom of thought (ie Asimov's 3 Laws of Robotics) is unethical.
Culturally or historically significant artwork should become the property of the state.
Genetically modifying livestock so that they don't feel pain is a viable alternative to veganism for reducing animal suffering.
Puberty should not be delayed in pre-adolescent children who are experiencing gender dysphoria.
Daniel Holtzclaw is guilty of the crimes he was convicted for.
EU should be an union of values instead an union of nations.
Higher education should be publicly funded.
US and NATO should completely withdraw from all combat and peacekeeping roles in Afghanistan.
Traditions should be banned if they are harmful to humans.
There should be no political parties in the USA.
The state is necessary and beneficial to society.
Drag turning mainstream is hurting LGBT rights.
The European Union should intervene in the political conflict in Catalonia.
Hungary should leave the European Union.
Marijuana should be as legally accessible as beer.
The Premier League (PL) is better than the Bundesliga (BL).
Cigarettes should be banned.
Currently, there is no working business-model for journalism.
Public displays of affection (PDA) should be allowed in middle school and high school.
The Bible contains historical and geographical errors.
All participants for drug trials that involve humans in the US should be chosen randomly from those in the population who meet the required characteristics of the study.
Android is a better platform than iOS.
People should volunteer.
It is okay to punch a Nazi.
Joe Biden is better than Donald Trump.
Intelligent design is the best explanation for life.
Donald Trump should be impeached and removed from office.
Sled dog racing should be banned.
Parents should not perpetuate myths like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny to their children.
Police is not a force for good for society.
It is possible to be "bad" at learning languages.
God draws man through "irresistible grace".
Every human should have the right and means to decide when and how to die.
Democracies should only provide official development assistance (ODA) to democratic countries.
Daenerys Targaryen is the Prince/Princess that was Promised.
The Book of Mormon is an authentic ancient text.
Every country should be ethno-nationalist.
Deliberately not preventing a death is ethically equivalent to killing someone.
Freedom of sexuality is inducing harm.
Facebook and Twitter should remove accounts of terrorist organisations, such as ISIS, from their sites.
Attachment Parenting is the Best Way to Raise a Child.
Cyberbullying should be criminalized.
Puberty blocking medication should be used for adolescents with gender dysphoria.
Catalans should have the right to decide on independence with a binding referendum.
Religious exemptions to discrimination laws should be abolished.
The US government should guarantee every citizen a job.
All US and EU sanctions imposed on Russia since 2014 should be lifted.
The West should give development aid.
Police officers should wear and operate body cameras during all civilian-police encounters.
Sex with no emotional attachment is good for your mind.
The mainstream news in the USA is corrupt.
Virtual reality (VR) is the best format for online education.
Intentional childlessness is a sin.
Esports is a sport.
There should be a law, backed by sanctions, that forbids companies from contributing to human rights violations abroad.
Feminism is Compatible with Islam.
Computer Science is a failing discipline.
Lebron James is better than Michael Jordan.
Men should be able to vote in the abortion debate.
Chivalry (males behaving chivalrous nearly exclusively towards women) is sexist. (examples).
Vegetarianism is a nutritionally healthy diet.
The state should not grant any benefits linked to marriage.
Apple is overpriced and overrated.
Consenting adults should be allowed to compete in official, deadly arena-style tournaments, without having to fear any legal repercussions.
Democrats should not have cooperated with Donald Trump's presidency.
Schools should be nuts free.
Free markets are better for humans than regulated markets.
Religious organisations in liberal democracies should not receive any public funding (direct or indirect).
A society without emotions would be a better society.
Racism can be eradicated.
The United States should abolish the capital gains tax.
The "Poor" should be a protected equality group.
Public health care systems should cover the costs of homeopathic treatment.
The earth cannot be under 10,000 years old.
Pedophilia should be classed as a sexual orientation.
Compulsory school education should focus on science rather than humanities.
A non-monetary economy would be ideal.
Company tax rates should be tied to profit distribution to their employees, greater the difference in pay among employed, the higher the tax.
Marriage and current marital advantages should be decoupled.
The ACLU should stop defending the free speech rights of white supremacists.
Heterosexual people should not be allowed in gay bars.
Wearing masks should be mandatory for everyone.
Atlantis was an existing place and it can be found. Global Research: atlantis-together.com/research.
Countries should force parents to vaccinate their children against HPV.
C++ is the ideal programming language to learn first for beginner programmers.
Hate speech should be banned.
Quotas for women on boards and in managerial positions should be mandatory.
Suicide by firearm should not be included in statistics about gun violence.
Underage individuals should be permitted to watch pornography.
"Ought" cannot be derived from "is".
South Korea should abandon its goal of unification with North Korea.
States should aim for more and stronger international institutions.
Police should not be represented at Pride.
Existing scientific journals should be flipped to fair open access publishing models. Fair Open Access Alliance.
Inheritance should be abolished.
Rolling dice in a role-playing game adds fun.
The implementation of lootboxes available for real money - even where they only give cosmetic benefits - into video games should be rejected.
Journalists should not publish any information that was obtained by hacking.
Sexualised artworks of prepubescent girls - "Loli" - encourage pedophilia.
Preferential voting is the most effective system for ensuring fair election outcomes.
Giving devices (phone, tablet, computer, etc.) to children is valuable for their development.
Homosexuality should be legal in all countries.
Evolutionary ethics provides an insufficient explanation of our moral experience.
Gender inequality in the tech industry is due to systemic disadvantages, not biological differences.
Students should be allowed to skip grades.
Scotland should be an independent country.
Pet keeping is morally justified.
Empathy should be taught in school.
Business organizations should conduct decision-making discussions in writing.
Animals should be banned in circuses.
Assuming that we have the necessary technological means, we should allow eternal life for humans.
Digital ethnography is not as reliable as traditional ethnography.
The Bible contains scientific errors.
Conflict between groups is inevitable.
Doctors should be banned from performing genital reshaping surgery on intersex infants.
Anyone should be allowed to be a parent.
Religious practices that incorporate self-harm should be banned.
China will face an economic downturn within the next ten years.
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is not beneficial.
The EU should introduce a carbon tax.
Governments should pursue predictive policing technology.
Homophobia is caused by gender norms.
Trump should not be banned from Twitter.
YouTube is enforcing censorship through the demonetization policy.
Cannabis should be legalised for medical use in the UK.
Businesses Should Not Deny Service to Trump Administration Officials.
Suffering is a necessary for a life to be successful/well-lived.
Data-trade should be prohibited.
New Zealanders should vote yes in the Cannabis referendum.
The Earth was created in six days as described in Genesis.
The net contribution of Christianity to the improvement of Europeans' quality of life during the 20th century was positive.
Straight actors should not play gay characters.
Buddhism is not a religion.
Star Citizen is a scam.
Modern advertising is harmful.
Shark culling should be banned.
Athletes should be allowed to compete in their chosen gender category.
Consumerism is a positive and necessary socio economic force/order.
Lending money at interest is wrong.
Burning the US flag should be against the law.
Pride organisers should refuse corporate sponsorship.
Crowd sourced information is reliable.
Pet ownership is an abuse of our planet's resources.
All forms of circumcision of minors should be banned.
Gambling should be prohibited in Europe.
Internet Access Should Be a Basic Human Right.
Tabs are better than Spaces for indentation.
Election campaigns should only be funded by the government.
Communism should be preferred over capitalism.
Public universities in the United States should be tuition free.
It should be obligatory by law to provide hitchhikers a free ride in private household's cars.
Equal paternity/maternity paid leave should be mandatory.
Criminals should not be allowed to publish accounts of their crimes.
No human's senses and consciousness are necessarily the same as any other human.
A nuclear war will be the cause of human extinction.
Students would learn better without tests and oral exams.
Minecraft is the best game ever.
Humans should not procreate.
We should create and adopt a universal currency.
We are becoming increasingly more intelligent than previous generations.
Standardized testing should be abolished.
The LGBTQ+ rights movement should use the narrative that queer individuals were 'Born This Way'.
Bitcoin will become global reserve currency.
Software developing is a good field to go into.
Facial recognition technology use should be regulated heavily.
Incestual parties who who cannot have children should have marriage equality.
Social Media is Helping Human Relationships.
The Obama presidency achieved more good than bad.
US Colleges Should Allow Concealed Carry.
Online degrees should be valued equally to traditional degrees.
Velcro straps should replace shoelaces.
Critical Race Theory is Good at Dealing with Racism.
Apple should give in to all the FBI's demands and provide authorities with a signed iOS update that allows for brute force attacks.
Meritocracy is the best form of government.
Prayer is a useful activity.
GMO's are the solution to the problem of limited means.
Girls should be allowed into Boy Scouts.
There should be an FBI investigation into the Kavanaugh allegations.
All EU citizens should be obliged by law to vote in EU elections.
The new Disney live action film "Mulan" will not be popular.
Nobody, and no business, should be allowed to confound access (by authorities) to any communication required for law and security reasons that might affect human life.
All humans are born good.
The U.S. should remove nearly all of it's presence in the middle east.
Esperanto should be adopted internationally.
Brutal Honesty is Destructive.
The Kinder Morgan pipeline expansion should not be built.
Multiculturalism is good for societies.
Libraries should stop having a physical presence and instead only exist digitally (i.e. online).
There is an afterlife.
Modern democracies are destined to fail due to their inherent weaknesses.
Captive reptiles should be fed with living prey.
Children should not own a smartphone.
The British Empire did more harm than good to the people it ruled over.
Nuclear energy should be the most prominent source of energy.
Species conservation is a valuable use of resources.
Consuming coffee is beneficial.
We should replace meat with insect derived protein.
The age of consent should be lowered to 14.
The space exploration budget should be increased.
Gillette's toxic masculinity ad is good for people.
Being asexual/aromantic is inherently under the LGBT+ umbrella.
Social media exacerbates eating disorders.
The Antifa direct action movement is beneficial to society.
The European refugee crisis can only be resolved by changing EU law so that refugees and illegal immigrants can be deported immediately to camps outside the EU.
Every member of the LGBT community should have access to affordable self-defense training.
There was widespread fraud in the 2020 US Election.
Organ donation should be mandatory.
Social networks should force users to use their real identity.
BioWare's Mass Effect and Dragon Age titles promote social rights in regards to race, gender, sexuality, and other minority groups.
Genuine belief is unnecessary in worship.
Cats should not be kept as pets.
You can be a true follower of a religion without following all the rules.
Graffiti art should be worthy of regard like classical paintings.
Convicted felons in the United States (that is: sentenced of a crime punishable with at least one year in prison or death) should permanently lose their voting rights.
It's always immoral to sleep with a married person.
The US should not have pulled out of the Paris Climate Agreement.
Problems in the developing world are worse than problems in the developed world.
Violence is always wrong.
Taylor Swift's depiction of men in the music video 'The Man' is an accurate representation of men in modern societies.
North Korea should not give up its nuclear weapons for its national security.
Violent video games should be banned to curb school shootings.
Science is objective.
The legal voting age in the USA should be lowered to 16, provided that the voter is attending school.
Everyone should choose almond milk over cow's milk, when it is available.
Nintendo should allow for fan-games and modifications to their systems.
Man-made climate change will cause human extinction.
Plastic bottles of water should be banned.
The United States is the Greatest Country in the World.
Civil rights Prop 209, which made it illegal for the state to discriminate against any person based on race, should be repealed so that we can take 'Affirmative Action' in California. Prop 16, Repeal Prop 209 Affirmative Action Amendment 2020.
Messi is a better player than Ronaldo.
A free Press is necessary for democracy.
India should have a Universal Basic Income (UBI).
Lottery should be an integral component of democratic political systems.
Death row inmates should be required to donate their organs upon their death.
Sortition is Better than Representation.
Begging for money should be illegal.
It is ethical to save a child over an adult.
Women wearing makeup is anti-feminist.
The United Nations is the best forum to tackle climate change.
The music of the past was better than music generated more recently (i.e. post-90s/00s).
2nd Amendment rights should be taught in schools and protected by our government.
Assuming that a flawless system for anonymous payments (APs) were to exist, the anonymity this system offers would be beneficial to society.
Islam needs a reform to be compatible with the modern world.
Art made by abusers should be removed from cultural institutions.
The USA should adopt an elected collective presidency, like Switzerland's.
Mankind should resurrect extinct species.
Voting by Mail should be the standard in all US elections.
Banning or removing access to books is inherently wrong.
Purity pledges are harmful.
American Men are Declining.
There should be automatic voter registration.
Arranged marriages are better than love marriages.
False rape accusations should be prosecuted.
The European Union should create a centrally controlled army in addition to the armies of member states.
The United States should attack Iran.
Gifted Education Programs in Public Schools are Detrimental.
Fabric-based OptiFine alternatives are better than OptiFine.
Although many people dream that we will have world peace, it will never happen.
Countries that accept refugees must confiscate their valuables worth more than $1500.
Health care providers should be mandated to get the flu vaccine.
Social media is a frontier for violence.
Land boundaries/borders should not exist.
U.S. military spending should be lowered in favor of other programs.
The EU was right to approve the Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market.
Hosted Wordpress is better suited for a company blog than Medium.
Should there be one singular global government/entity.
There are major benefits to have NASA's skyTran, a very elevated MagLev Personal Rapid Transit system concept.
Donald Trump is honorable.
Companies should not be forced to backdoor end-to-end encryption in their products for law enforcement agencies.
Two consenting adults should be allowed to duel to the death to settle a dispute.
central bank digital currency as an alternative to fiat.
The FBI did the right thing by keeping the pedophile site Playpen online, after hacking it.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art should remove Balthus' painting, Thérèse Dreaming.
Inheritance should be minimized to create an equal outset for everyone.
Protecting individual data privacy is necessary for a healthy society.
Cigarettes should be taxed even more because we know that they kill.
"Killer Drones" are an acceptable weapon in war.
It is critically important for high quality educational experiences that students are punctual.
It is more valuable to remember experiences than to live them.
Anonymized networks and browsers (like Tor) should be banned.
Police departments in the U.S. should adopt a reactive service model used by other public safety services.
A global social credit system would be beneficial.
Schools should have more security.
Developed countries should reduce the working year.
Video games with a pixel art-style are overdone.
The European Union is the greatest peace accomplishment in political history.
Use of disposable items should be limited.
If everyone agreed life was objectively meaningless, societies would be more peaceful.
Humanity would be better off under a global government.
Copyright should die with the creator.
The future will be better than the present.
Refugees seeking asylum in Europe should be distributed among EU member states according to a quota.
Dungeons & Dragons being the de-facto standard RPG is a good thing.
US Immigrations and Customs Enforcement should be investigated for crimes against humanity.
The original Political Compass is a useful tool.
Teachers and students should use digital learning from home when school is cancelled due to inclement weather.
Web Components should replace front-end frameworks.
One should vote yes for Proposition 14.
Panpsychism is true.
Is UBI a good system to implement into society.
Battery electric vehicles are better than hydrogen fuel cell vehicles.
Private property should exist in outer space.
Fireworks should only be enjoyed at organised public displays and not sold domestically.
The media should be forced to report more positive news.
Modern psychology is a pseudoscience.
Profanity is the refuge of the inarticulate.
Bible prophecy is accurate.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) should create a permanent venue for the Olympic Games.
A higher gas tax should be introduced to pay for infrastructure so that income tax can be reduced accordingly.
A college degree leads to a job.
Gay men should be allowed to donate blood.
We should forgive those who don't regret hurting us.
Profanity Should be Permitted in Debate.
Humans are primarily driven by self-interest.
Dogs do not have complex emotions such as shame, guilt, and pride.
There should be equal pay for elite sports athletes.
It is essential that humans become a multi-planetary species.
Brexit will have a positive effect on the political life of the European Union. See also excellent page en.wikipedia.org.
DeviantArt should keep the Eclipse update.
Should Non-Citizens be allowed to vote in Australia.
Dreams don't have a deeper meaning.
All road projects which are intended to increase capacity should be stopped.
Parliamentary systems should implement proportional representation.
The USSR can be called a communist state.
Sex Robots Will Liberate The Next Generation Of Women.
Quebec should become an independent country.
Solipsism can be discussed.
The use of plastic should be avoided.
The US should establish a Space Force.
Guantanamo Bay should be closed.
Mass immigration into Europe is a positive thing for indigenous Europeans.
Parents should have the final say about a child's medical treatment.
In countering terrorism, the state should never infringe on individual human rights.
Humans should prefer cats over dogs.
India should allow citizens to hold dual citizenship.
Homosexuality should be recriminalized.
People should only be allowed to vote if they pass a test.
Individuals should be allowed paid period leave.
Creators should cater to their fans.
To ban rights for Pastafarians is a violation of human rights and religious equality.
Principalism is the theory that all behavior is governed by universal, social, or personal policies or principles.
Governments should push to implement 100% renewable energy.
World Cup soccer should have a backcourt foul: a pass from the attacking half to the defending half must pass through the circle (or result in a free kick).
Astrology is a valid practice.
Ecotourism is not sustainable.
The true nature of light is particle.
Okonkwo, from the book "Things Fall Apart" was not a tragic hero by Aristotle's definition.
Republican policies overwhelmingly favor the rich.
Video games that allow players to virtually rape other non-player characters should be permitted on game distributing platforms.
Genetic engineering should not be used on humans or animals.
World should adopt International Fixed Calendar.
Hitler could have won World War 2.
NATO is obsolete.
Vaping should be banned.
Jehovah's Witnesses are the one true church.
Deepfake technology will be the end of liberal democratic society.
Ireland Should Repeal the 8th Amendment.
We should have an opt-out system for organ donation.
Ear piercing of newborns should be banned.
Having police officers in schools is a good idea.
It is occasionally right to take away someone's choice.
Pharmacists' scope of practice should be expanded to allow them to prescribe any medication.
Big corporations are beneficial to society.
Private equity has an overall positive effect on the economy.
The LGBT movement is failing bisexual people.
Mining on asteroids is crucial for the survival of humankind.
Prescription Drug Advertisements to consumers should be banned.
All U.S. cops are racist towards African Americans.
All human interaction should be voluntary.
The sale of semi-automatic rifles (external box magazine) should be banned.
Genealogy databases like AncesteryDNA and 23andMe should be available to law enforcement to solve crimes.
It is appropriate for the EPA to declare biomass to be carbon neutral.
Children should be allowed on social media.
Private prisons should be banned.
Reform copyright to focus on revenue, not copies.
Jodie Whittaker's 13th Doctor is a disjointed continuation of the beloved Timelord.
Teachers should be allowed to display their tattoos.
Extreme poverty can be eradicated through capitalism.
Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) is possible and probable. Pascal's AI Wager.
Martial arts class should be compulsory in school.
The economic situation will be better after the coronavirus.
The coronavirus causes disease.
Employees should be banned from discussing politics at work.
Humanities have less value than natural sciences.
The education of women is the most important objective to improve the overall quality of living.
A World Led by AI would be a Better World.
A flat "Asset Tax" is all the tax we should ever pay.
Local craft products are preferable over global industrial products.
You should tip workers in the service industry.
Evangelicals should vote for Trump.
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has been good for the league.
Programming should be taught in primary school.
In 12 years the earth will not have suffered irreparable damage from climate change.
There is no objective "logic", as every logical system is based on arbitrarily chosen axioms.
Tezos should use fully token-based voting: one Tezzie, one vote.
Online anonymity is good for fostering healthy debate on important issues.
States should require a mandatory drug testing for welfare recipients.
The law should always be based on morality.
We should ban apps from preventing traffic jams by diverting traffic into small side streets.
Mainstream feminism exploits women of colour.
Playing as Nazi in tabletop/computer games should be banned.
People should rely on money to survive.
The fight of western countries against climate change is hypocritical.
People should avoid dark humour.
Wikipedia is a reliable source of information.
There should be less government until society is free and all human interaction is voluntary.
Internet platforms in the US should not prohibit or demote any speech by elected officials.
God is a Trinity.
All software should be open source.
All companies should be entirely owned by their workers.
Russia is interfering in foreign governments.
Addressing psychosocial factors is essential to preventing school shootings.
Facebook's collection of user data is unethical.
Science is Similar to Art in the Way of Viewing the World.
A character witness should be required to purchase guns or ammo.
Cultural Anthropology should be a required course for all high school students.
Kids under age of 13 shouldn't have access to computers, tablets and smartphones.
Open source software is better and more secure.
Except for those in absolute poverty, everyone should tithe (choose to give a tenth of income to charity).
Social Media sites disproportionately target conservative users.
Light Rail is better than Heavy Rail (Metro).
The EU should promote the official use of a common language in Europe.
Extraordinary Claims Require Extraordinary Evidence.
Being in a romantic relationship is a necessity.
Domestic flights within the member countries of the European Union should be outlawed.
We should make contact with alien sentient life.
Institutions should exist to absorb disenfranchised men and women.
Wolves should be protected.
Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is glorifying violence. And that's a problem.
Violence and rioting in protests is wrong.
Voting behavior in this 2020 US election was motivated by morality, not politics.
There should be an internet government.
A land value tax should be introduced to replace other taxes.
People who do immoral things aren't immoral.
Humans should not be monogamous.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) should be eliminated.
The online games platform Steam should actively curate its storefront by performing quality control on the games that it publishes.
Having body hair has become a taboo for women in the US.
People should break up with their partner at the first sign of abuse.
We should only eat the flesh of animals that we are capable to raise or hunt or even fish by ourselves.
The criminalization of public nudism whereas no health risks are posed is a human rights violation with no rational basis or justification within a liberal democracy.
Phoebe from friends is actually the most unkind out of all of them.
Jaime Lannister is Azor Ahai, the Prince that was Promised.
Jack Torrence is the hero of the book "The Shining".
Creatine Is A Good Product For Bodybuilders To Use.
The Constitution should be redrafted and rewritten.
NCAA athletes should be paid.
It is time to shift towards technocratic capitalism.
Juvenile criminals should not be tried as adults.
C++ is a menace for security in computer software.
Student Loans Should Be Written Off.
Tabletop RPGs are good because they exercise creativity and problem solving skills.
SESTA - FOSTA does more harm than good.
K-12 teachers are already paid enough in America.
People should marry outside their religious faith.
Legacy should not be a factor in college admissions.
The United Kingdom should directly elect the Prime Minister.
Google Analytics is better than Matomo.
Toilet Paper Should Be Replaced With Bidets.
Work from home is better than work in office.
China should have influence over who can become a British Citizen.
Caste based affirmative action (reservation) in India is beneficial.
Wind farms have more advantages than disadvantages.
A hot dog is a sandwich.
American football should be banned.
The private sector is incapable of delivering complete Health Care for Everyone.
The benefits of Internet of Things (IoT) outweigh the potential costs.
There is no historical evidence of Exodus happening.
Chinese infrastructure projects played and will play a crucial role in the development of Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA).
Businesses should be allowed to deny service to anyone.
Popular protest is a productive tool in a democracy.
A pregnant woman must carry the baby to term if the father insists.
We should use the quality of information and the presence/degree of consent among parties affected as the foundation/most critical point of determining the morality of an action.
The Gulabi Gang is a force for good in India.
Being a digital nomad is a good lifestyle choice.
Employers should not be legally allowed to fire employees because of their social media activity.
Bigfoot exists.
Xi Jinping has been good for China.
The rise of streaming platforms should be regretted.
Having children is selfish and irresponsible.
Egalitarianism is a better alternative than Feminism.
Action video games are childish and thus shouldn't be considered sports.
Fascism leads to a more moral society.
United States government should issue national identity cards.
People should prioritize adoption rather than having children of their own.
The sales tax should be replaced with the income tax wherever applicable.
Science should get more governmental funding.
Protectionism is a bad economic policy.
The United States should invade Syria and remove Bashar al-Assad from power.
The President of the European Commission should be directly elected by a popular vote.
Cars are preferable to motorbikes.
A society without the concept of guilt would be a better and more advanced society.
Billionaires should be taxed at 100% on all wealth over $999,999,999.
Corporations should not take stances on political issues in advertisements.
People should go vegan if they can.
Design Thinking is an empty phrase.
Cringe Culture is detrimental to society.
The United States should adopt a declaratory nuclear policy of no first use (NFU).
Twitter's decision to remove Trump's account was problematic.
The Xbox Series X/S is better than the PS5.
Society should actively ensure individuals are free of all restrictions.
India should return to a paper ballot.
Ex-convicts should be prioritised in the job market.
Working as an entrepreneur is preferable to having a corporate job.
There is a limit to free speech.
Humans should be allowed to explore DIY gene editing.
The use of aerial-dropped 1080 poison should be encouraged.
If he broke the law the President of the United States should be indicted and prosecuted.
All physical traveling tickets will gradually be replaced by digital technology.
The US Government should commit to a Green New Deal.
Space exploration is a waste of money.
Professional athletes going on strike in support of social movements are beneficial.
Honey, beeswax, royal jelly, or bee venom and products made thereof should be banned, even if the products come from organic beekeepers.
Ketchup is a child's condiment.
The UK NHS (National Health Service) is not sustainable.
The UK Education System Should Consider An Overhaul.
Hunger Should Be The First Problem To Solve Before All Others.
Anonymous sperm donation should be illegal.
The workweek should be shortened to 15 hours for the same pay.
Robots should have a right to free speech.
Respect is the root cause of relationship success.
Humans will be responsible for their own extinction.
Hedonism is an appropriate lifestyle choice.
Motivational speakers are frauds.
A carbon tax should be used to subsidize everything that reduces the carbon footprint of consumers.
Recycling is a good thing. It will contribute solving the ecological crisis and preserving life on earth.
Evolution by natural selection is true.
Humanity can live in total harmony with each other and with nature.e.g. Villages of the Future.
Periodic lockdowns should be planned as emergency measures to fight climate change.
Censorship is necessary for the media.
We Should Ban Communist Symbols.
Computer and Technology Education for kids should begin as early as three years old.
All nations should denuclearize.
The main battle tank is obsolete.
The source of all suffering in humans are their attachments.
The ubiquity of heterosexuality is chiefly a product of heteronormativity.
Black Pete, part of a Dutch tradition, should be banned.
All museum admissions should be by donation.
It is justifiable to abstain from voting.
The involvement of pressure groups in US politics is not beneficial.
Religion could be explained in terms of 'universal obsessional neurosis'.
Colleges should not have safe spaces.
One sex partner in life is enough to achieve sexual happiness.
IAPR TC10 and TC11 should be merged into a single IAPR Technical Committee.
WhatsApp should be used instead of other instant messaging apps.
After finishing all the work that needs done, kids should be allowed to do whatever they want for the rest of the day.
Student loan debt in the US should be forgiven for all.
Governments shouldn't subsidize ethanol.
Having children is a bad idea in today's times.
